Add Remote Log Publishing feature docs (#4243)
wso2/docs-is: en/identity-server/next/docs/deploy/monitor/remote-log-publishing.md

# Remote Log Publishing

The Remote Log Publishing feature in {{ product_name }} allows organizations to securely transmit and store audit and carbon logs on an external server. This capability ensures that critical log data is not only preserved in a secure location but also remains readily accessible for thorough analysis and compliance auditing.

## Setting Up Remote Audit Log Publishing

### Prerequisites

> - Ensure that the WSO2 Identity Server is up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure that the {{ product_name }} is up and running.
```
